{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25100\viewh15040\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Sound in Space\
\
\
History:\
\
Formats and paradigms:\
amplitude panning, Dolby Surround, Vector-based Amplitude panning, Wave-field Synthesis, Room-effect synthesis, Binaural techniques and HRTF, Ambisonics\
Popular metaphors: speakers as voices, speakers as windows\
\
While sometimes these metaphors could be useful, one should not always be limited to thinking within these metaphorical realms. Our goal is to maximize intuitive thinking about spatial poetry. The goal is to be able to think about sound in space as sound in space and not as sound from speakers. \
Preferable Design:\
\
Flexibility:\
spatialization is kept separate from the number and position of speakers.\
The positioning of speakers is not special (like in most soround systems) and awkward positioning of speakers is allowed.\
\
Image stability (less dependent on listener's position), Close distance effect of wavefiels\
\
Calibration:\
the system (decoder) should calibrate spatialization parameters based on number of speakers, position, temperature, etc\
\
recordability, portability, etc\
It should preferably be possible to record the signals before the encoder so that it could be decoded later on to any number of channels. This feature would profoundly decrease post-production and mixing problems.\
\
Not just amplitude manipulation but Spatialization and Localization:\
many parameters and effects could play a role in localization of sounds. It should be possible to use and abuse these parameters to shape sounds not spatially but also timberally. The effect is that the composer could shape sound in space and processing parameters are co-related to how a sound moves or behaves in space. Some of these parameters include:\
\
Source:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 Radiation width and direction\
source distance\
ambient vs. localized\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 Space / movement related:\
Doppler (pitch shift as the source gets closer/further from the listener)\
Air absorption (of high frequency and intensity)\
\
Acoustic space / virtual Room related:\
early reflections, reverb tail, reverb time, echo, flang, flutter, EQ, etc\
\
Some possibilities include: creating a field of sound that is ambient and immersive and then this field could slowly get narrower and turn into a sound source and move around. It is possible in this manner to create a continuum between spatial foreground and background, ambient sound and crispy sound objects, crystals and clouds...\
\
For a generalized spatialization system to be meaningful the following must apply:\
\
It could work with any number and position of speakers\
accept undefined number of inputs \
intuitive to work with\
CPU effective\
powerful, flexible\
expendable\
include many spatial related processes such as doppler, room-effect-synthesis, air, etc.\
}