{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf420
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f2\froman\fcharset77 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green31\blue232;
}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 From: 
\f1\b0 \cf3 yannick.assogba@yahoo.com\

\f0\b \cf2 Date: 
\f1\b0 \cf3 April 23, 2007 3:13:44 PM GMT-04:00\

\f0\b \cf2 To: 
\f1\b0 \cf3 emmanuel.thivierge@polymtl.ca\

\f0\b \cf2 Cc: 
\f1\b0 \cf3 "Prof. Sha Xin Wei" <sha@encs.concordia.ca>\

\f0\b \cf2 Subject: \cf3 Re: background subtraction\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f1\b0 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs32 \cf3 I have a patch that i have used for background subtraction, i have also used it with cv.jit.label to get fairly effective segmentation. It requires cv.jit and is in fact just a few simple modifications on an abstraction that used to be bundled with an older version of cv.jit (dont know why it was removed). It is not robust to changes in global illumination (or when the iSight decides to refocus or change its gain) - i have had better luck using it with the watc cameras, but hopefully it can be helpful. Let me know how it goes or if you have any trouble getting it to work.\
\
Cheers\
Yannick\
\
----- Original Message ----\
From: Prof. Sha Xin Wei <sha@encs.concordia.ca>\
To: TML <tml-active@concordia.ca>\
Cc: Michael Fortin <michael.fortin@gmail.com>; Emmanuel Thivierge <emmanuel.thivierge@polymtl.ca>\
Sent: Thursday, April 19, 2007 4:44:01 PM\
Subject: background subtraction\
\
Does anyone have reusable Max/Jitter code for background subtraction, and detecting the presence (density) of bodies in front of a camera?  (\ul not\ulnone  based on motion flow, e.g. frame differencing or cv.jit.*flow)\
\
RSVP {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:emmanuel.thivierge@polymtl.ca"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 emmanuel.thivierge@polymtl.ca}}\
and cc me.\
\
Thanks,\
Xin Wei\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs24 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Ahhh...imagining that irresistible "new car" smell?\
Check out {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://us.rd.yahoo.com/evt=48245/*http://autos.yahoo.com/new_cars.html;_ylc=X3oDMTE1YW1jcXJ2BF9TAzk3MTA3MDc2BHNlYwNtYWlsdGFncwRzbGsDbmV3LWNhcnM-"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 new cars at Yahoo! Autos.}} }