{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf250
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14080\viewh13080\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Wind and Sand 2 Psych 2 Reverb 2 only the upper speakers\
\
Whispers 2 spat with low-Cut\
\
Almost no Sand in the bottom speakers\'85 \
if sand is passed through spat at all it should be low cut and lots of reverb presence\
\
Brad and Ann Announcements through spat, low and high cut no verb\
\
Cello is passed dry + SVP Formant/pitch-shifting\
\

\b Build Up:\

\b0 Whisperers through munger\
Psych all the way up\
\

\b Transition into Blinds\

\b0 Stair Mic Through Psych\
\

\b Blinds:\

\b0 4 Improvisers\
End at emotions\
\

\b Trisha Marshall:
\b0 \
Wind-Machine is passed through multiple delays and transpositions and a fair amount of reverb and then projected through the upper speakers to exemplify the "wind feeling"\
Later on the Sand goes through a slightly similar processing but with much less reverb. The Sand is also projected only through the upper speakers. This choice was made so that the spectrum of the sand would not mask the whispers' words.\
\
2 people whispering: Their sound signal is low cut (since whispering doesn't involve lower frequencies anyways), reinforced and projected through the speakers, doing a slow random circular movement.\
\
Cello and the two "announcers" are projected into the space (but not moving). For dramatic effects sometimes the cello is passed through a subtle formant/pitch shifting process. The processed version is moved around while the "dry" cello remains stationery.\
\
During the build-up, the whispers are granulized, highly processed and multiplied. Most of the other mics are multiplied with many delays and transpositions plus a massive amount of reverb. Also during the build-up, John's electronics bring in other extreme processing and suddenly everything is dropped to silence.\
\

\b Transition:\

\b0 The stairs start to slowly move and the previous "Sand Mic" now picks up the stair's creaking and rolling sounds. These sounds are again delayed and transposed multiple times and projected through the 12 speakers. The stair stop moving, processing fades away...\
\

\b Blinds:\

\b0 Bev and her bowing xylophones first break the silence along with John's various processing on Bev.\
After about 30 seconds Ann-Marie slowly improvises a text. Her words, sentences and nuances are learnt by the computer(WoMax) and 8 different "recombinations" of it are improvised back, each with a different speed, transposition and dynamic.\
\
\
\
}